Custom Bonus - Skill Ratio (#9202)
rathena/rathena: doc/item_bonus.txt

Atk/Def
-------
bonus2 bSkillAtk,sk,n;    		Increases damage of skill sk by n%

> bonus bSkillRatio,n;			Adds n to the skillratio of all attacks/skills
> 					Detailed Explanation (all examples assume n=5):
> 					- Normal attacks will have their skillratio increased (100% -> 105%)
> 					- Only skills that have a skill ratio are affected, skills that deal fixed damage are not affected
> 					- Both physical and magical skills are affected
> 					- Bonus benefits skills with low skill ratio more (200% -> 205%, 800% -> 805%)
> 					- Bonus is applied to each hit of skills that multiply damage by number of hits (100%*8 -> 105%*8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bonus bSkillRatio,n;			Adds n to the skillratio of all attacks/skills that use skillratio
```

> bonus bSkillRatio,n;			Adds n to the skillratio of all attacks/skills
> 					Detailed Explanation (all examples assume n=5):
> 					- Normal attacks will have their skillratio increased (100% -> 105%)
> 					- Only skills that have a skill ratio are affected, skills that deal fixed damage are not affected
> 					- Both physical and magical skills are affected
> 					- Bonus benefits skills with low skill ratio more (200% -> 205%, 800% -> 805%)
> 					- Bonus is applied to each hit of skills that multiply damage by number of hits (100%*8 -> 105%*8)
> 					- This bonus works the same way as status changes like Provoke in renewal and stacks linearly with them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bonus bSkillRatio,n;			Adds n to the skillratio of all attacks/skills
```

Author: I also prefer single line explanation (see my original version), but Atemo requested more information to be added.

Reviewer: I think we should keep it the way you originally had it.
If we want to add more information to the specific bonus, then we have to rethink/redesign the whole file.
We can discuss that, if we think this would be useful.

@Atemo is that okay for you?

Reviewer 2: Yeah it's okay

Atk/Def
-------
bonus2 bSkillAtk,sk,n;    		Increases damage of skill sk by n%

> bonus bSkillRatio,n;			Adds n to the skillratio of all attacks/skills that use it

Reviewer 2: I don't know what to add here, but I had to read the whole commit and the pull request description to get all the info. I'm missing some infos in this doc

Author: I guess I could put the whole PR info in there but it doesn't really fit the "explained in a single line" style of this file.

Maybe need to have a separate section for it. /hm

Atk/Def
-------
bonus2 bSkillAtk,sk,n;    		Increases damage of skill sk by n%
bonus bSkillRatio,n;			Adds n to the skillratio of all attacks/skills
					Detailed Explanation (all examples assume n=5):
					- Normal attacks will have their skillratio increased (100% -> 105%)
					- Only skills that have a skill ratio are affected, skills that deal fixed damage are not affected
					- Both physical and magical skills are affected
					- Bonus benefits skills with low skill ratio more (200% -> 205%, 800% -> 805%)

> 					- Bonus is applied to each hit of skills that multiply damage by number of hits (100%*8 -> 105%*8)

Reviewer 2: These 2 are more like example, they could be removed

Author: Isn't it necessary to understand it?

Reviewer 2: I don't think so, but let's see what others think

Reviewer: I think the explanation is too long.
All others only have half a line, without any examples.
